Oh my gosh, seriously! I am SO happy I purchased this wind chime! I'll let you in on my gift idea, in case any of you girls (or guys!) out there are looking for a nice, unique 7-year anniversary gift (as traditionally they are copper/wool). I know this isn't technically Copper.... I use the elements loosely in coming up with my annual anniversary gift. ;) It LOOKS like copper/ish! So thats what counts here. Its really beautiful, good quality, well put together.
 Bought this for a Mother’s Day gift. It’s beautiful and very nice quality! Had it engraved separately at Things Remembered. I added names of kids, grandkids, and fur babies... plus a message from my dad. Switched out the larger wind catcher that comes in the box. My mom loved this and I will definitely purchase from this company again!
 Very nice sound. It comes with two sizes of whatchamacallems (the thing that dangles in the wind and makes them ring): a larger one if you want them to ring at normal volume, and a smaller one for use in closer proximity to neighbors. I’d still hesitate to use it in extremely close quarters, but it’s a very nice feature and works well.
 I was looking for wind chimes: not too big, deep tone [not high pitched] and a variety of colors. These chimes were perfect, with a couple exceptions. The chimes come with two wind catchers. I assume the larger one is heavier and will take more effort for the wind to blow and therefore chime less. The smaller catcher is lighter and moves around easier and thus creates more sound. However, both the catchers are solid wood and relatively heavy, it takes a good amount of wind to catch them.
 I'm glad I got this windchime! The sounds are tuneful, and it moves often enough even in the sheltered tree branch I put it on. I swear, sometimes it sounds like the opening guitar notes of "Sunday Bloody Sunday", which gets it stuck in my head all the time. :) So there you go, the most political but pleasant chime you can get. Get it for the U2 fan in your life, or anyone, really.
 My elderly mother loves to sit out on the porch and watch the neighbors and traffic go by so my sister and I decided to decorate the porch for her. I thought a wind chime would be a perfect fit for the porch. When I gave it to her the first thing she asked was "is it noisy". I told her it stated " it was to keep your neighbors happy". Due to the hot heat in Texas and no breeze, it didn't chime for a week or so. With the first cool breeze it chimed. She said she was sitting on the porch and it sang the most beautiful song. She loves it and so do I. In fact, I intend on purchasing one for my front and backyard.
 The sound is absolutely amazing. I love these wind chimes, this set was for the front of the house. The mellow tone is relaxing and with the dual wind paddles you get to control the sound
 Nice wind chime and at a great price. Love the sound, which is not real deep, yet soothing without that cheap tinny sound.
  Thank you for letting me FINALLY finding the one I've been looking for...I have 3 others...1 is beautiful, but makes no sound...one is cheesy looking, and sound not anywhere as lovely as this one...and the last one just had to go!
  We have purchased several wind chimes over the years. These a the best quality and sound for the price. I enjoy watching the birds and listening to the soothing chimes. Thanks you for such a great quality product!